Young Gauze Dachshund

high

# Anyone can make any  user’s/TrufVesting contract’s TRUF token stuck in the VotingEscrowTruf contract.

## Summary
After calling the function exit( VirtualStakingRewards contract) by anyone for anyone, if the function  unstake/unstakeVesting(VotingEscrowTruf contract) is called, those function calls will revert due to underflow.

## Vulnerability Detail
1. Let assume , Alice stakes 100e18 TRUF token with duration 1 year by calling  function stake(VotingEscrowTruf contract).
2. Now alice’s point = (100e18*1 year)/3 year = 33.33e18.
3. See the function _stake(VotingEscrowTruf contract). This function calls the VirtualStakingRewards contract’s stake function i.e  stakingRewards.stake(alice, 33.33e18);
4. Now if you see VirtualStakingRewards contract’s stake function , 33.33e18 amounts are staked in the VirtualStakingRewards contract for alice i.e  _balances[alice] = 33.33e18;
5. As anyone can call the function exit(VirtualStakingRewards contract) for anyone, so bob calls the exit function for alice , see the exit function, as  _balances[alice] = 33.33e18, so withdraw function is called i.e withdraw(alice, 33.33e18). After that  _balances[alice] = 0;
6. Now Alice calls function unstake(VotingEscrowTruf contract) to unstake truf token,see the function _unstake. Here alice’s lockup.points = 33.33e18 and This function calls the VirtualStakingRewards contract’s withdraw function i.e  stakingRewards.withdraw(alice, 33.33e18);
7. Now function withdraw will revert due to underflow, see the withdraw function, here user = alice, amount = 33.33 e18 but _balances[alice] = 0(as alice is exit by bob).so _balances[user] -= amount i.e (0-33.33e18) = underflow.this will cause the revert of unstake function and alice truf tokens are permanently locked in the  VotingEscrowTruf contract.


## Impact
user’s/TrufVesting contract’s TRUF token will be permanently locked in the VotingEscrowTruf contract.


## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-12-truflation/blob/main/truflation-contracts/src/staking/VirtualStakingRewards.sol#L135
## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Make sure that only users can call the function exit and also implement that when a user exits, transfer back their truf token.
