Noisy Mercurial Hornet

high

# function claimable() in TrufVesting may return value bigger than maxClaimable

## Summary
In contract TrufVesting contract, users can call `claim()` and receive their vesting tokens. code would calculate the vesting amount by calling `claimable()`. the issue is that function `claimable()` can return values bigger than `maxClaimable = amount - locked` and users would receive more tokens than they are supposed to receive.

## Vulnerability Detail
in `claimable()` function when `startTime + initialReleasePeriod + info.cliff > block.timestamp > startTime + initialReleasePeriod` then code returns `initialRelease` without checking that `initialRelease` is less than `maxClaimable`, so users can claim their vesting tokens while they locked all their tokens which would break `amount > locked + claimed` invariant.
```javascript
    function claimable(uint256 categoryId, uint256 vestingId, address user)
        public
        view
        returns (uint256 claimableAmount)
    {
        UserVesting memory userVesting = userVestings[categoryId][vestingId][user];

        VestingInfo memory info = vestingInfos[categoryId][vestingId];

        uint64 startTime = userVesting.startTime + info.initialReleasePeriod;

        if (startTime > block.timestamp) {
            return 0;
        }

        uint256 totalAmount = userVesting.amount;

        uint256 initialRelease = (totalAmount * info.initialReleasePct) / DENOMINATOR;

        startTime += info.cliff;

        if (startTime > block.timestamp) {
            return initialRelease;
        }
```

to exploit this attacker would perform this:
1. stake his tokens in TrufVesting contract (admin would set the values)
2. wait until  `startTime + initialReleasePeriod + info.cliff > block.timestamp > startTime + initialReleasePeriod`. which means initial release has been passed but cliff is not yet passed.
3. user would call `stake()` would stake all his tokens `userVesting.amount`.
4. now user info is that `locked == amount` and `claimed == 0`.
5. user would call `claim()` to claim the vesting tokens and `claim()` would call `claimable()`  to calculate user claimable amount.
6. `claimable()`'s code would see that  `startTime + initialReleasePeriod + info.cliff > block.timestamp > startTime + initialReleasePeriod` and it would return `initialRelease = amount * initialReleasePct` as claimable amount. 
7. now `claim()` would transfer `amount * initialReleasePct` to the user as there is no check in `claim()` to make sure `claim + locked < amount`.
8. in the end user info would be `locked == amount` and `claimed == initialReleasePct * amount` which clearly breaks the `claimed + locked < amount` and user would receive more tokens than he supposed to.


## Impact
user can receive more claimed token and locked token that he supposed to.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-12-truflation/blob/37ddbb69e0c7fb6510f1ec99162fd9172ec44733/truflation-contracts/src/token/TrufVesting.sol#L159-L182

## Tool used
Manual Review

## Recommendation
the max claimable check should be done for all the return values in the `claimable()` function ()
```javascript
        if (startTime > block.timestamp) {
           vestedAmount = initialRelease;
            uint256 maxClaimable = userVesting.amount - userVesting.locked;
            if (vestedAmount > maxClaimable) {
                vestedAmount = maxClaimable;
            }
            return vestedAmount;
     }
```