Noisy Mercurial Hornet

high

# attacker can drain TrufVesting balance because claimable() doesn't subtract claimed amount from vesting amount when returning initialRelease

## Summary
In contract TrufVesting contract, users can call `claim()` and receive their vesting tokens. code would calculate the vesting amount by calling `claimable()`. the issue is that function `claimable()` can return values bigger than real claimable amount and users would receive more tokens than they are supposed to receive, because when code wants to return `initialRelease` it doesn't subtract already claimed amounts.

## Vulnerability Detail
in `claimable()` function when `startTime + initialReleasePeriod + info.cliff > block.timestamp > startTime + initialReleasePeriod` then code returns `initialRelease` without checking subtracting `userVesting.claimed`, so users can claim their vesting tokens multiple times(code return absolute value of claimable not the differences) and this would break `amount > locked + claimed` invariant.

This is the `claimable()` code, as you can see code return `initialRelease` without subtracting `claimed` amount:
```javascript
    function claimable(uint256 categoryId, uint256 vestingId, address user)
        public
        view
        returns (uint256 claimableAmount)
    {
        UserVesting memory userVesting = userVestings[categoryId][vestingId][user];

        VestingInfo memory info = vestingInfos[categoryId][vestingId];

        uint64 startTime = userVesting.startTime + info.initialReleasePeriod;

        if (startTime > block.timestamp) {
            return 0;
        }

        uint256 totalAmount = userVesting.amount;

        uint256 initialRelease = (totalAmount * info.initialReleasePct) / DENOMINATOR;

        startTime += info.cliff;

        if (startTime > block.timestamp) {
            return initialRelease;
        }
```

to exploit this attacker would perform this:
1. stake his tokens in TrufVesting contract (admin would set the values)
2. wait until  `startTime + initialReleasePeriod + info.cliff > block.timestamp > startTime + initialReleasePeriod`. which means initial release has been passed but cliff time is not yet passed.
3. now user info is that `locked == 0` and `claimed == 0` .
4. user would call `claim()` to claim the vesting tokens and `claim()` would call `claimable()`  to calculate user claimable amount.
6. `claimable()`'s code would see that  `startTime + initialReleasePeriod + info.cliff > block.timestamp > startTime + initialReleasePeriod` and it would return `initialRelease = amount * initialReleasePct` as claimable amount. 
7. now `claim()` would transfer `amount * initialReleasePct` to the user.
8. now user info would be `locked == 0` and `claimed == initialReleasePct * amount`.
9. now user would repeat calling `claim()` again and again(steps 4-8) and in each iteration `claimable()` function would return `amount * initialReleasePct` amount(because code doesn't subtract the claimed from it) and code would transfer that amount to user.
10. in the end user can drain the contract balance by repeating `claim()` (user can do it in one transaction by writing a smart contract)


## Impact
user can drain the contract balance.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-12-truflation/blob/37ddbb69e0c7fb6510f1ec99162fd9172ec44733/truflation-contracts/src/token/TrufVesting.sol#L159-L182

## Tool used
Manual Review

## Recommendation
subtracting the `claimed` should be done in `claimable()` when returning `initialRelease`:
```javascript
        if (startTime > block.timestamp) {
            return initialRelease - userVesting.claimed;
     }
```