Suave Hazel Mouse

medium

# Unclaimed Rewards Accumulation in VirtualStakingRewards Contract

## Summary
The `VirtualStakingRewards` smart contract, designed for staking and reward distribution, has a potential flaw where rewards can become irretrievably stuck in the contract. This issue arises when stakers exit the contract immediately after new rewards are notified but before these rewards have accrued value through the staking process.

## Vulnerability Detail
The core of the vulnerability lies in the contract's reward calculation mechanism. And, here's a simplified scenario:

1. The protocol has newly launched this staking system when `notifyRewardAmount()` is called to set up a new reward rate and period. 
2. If the only staker, such as Bob, exits immediately after this call, the rewards calculated by `earned()` (invoked by `updateReward()`) are negligible or zero because `rewardPerToken()` has not increased significantly. As evidenced from the following code logic, `rewardPerTokenStored == 0` and `(lastTimeRewardApplicable() - lastUpdateTime) == 0` render `rewardPerToken()` to return `0`. Similarly, `(rewardPerToken() - userRewardPerTokenPaid[account]) == 0` and `rewards[account] == 0` also render `earned()` to return `0`:

```solidity
    function rewardPerToken() public view returns (uint256) {
        if (_totalSupply == 0) {
            return rewardPerTokenStored;
        }
        return
            rewardPerTokenStored + (((lastTimeRewardApplicable() - lastUpdateTime) * rewardRate * 1e18) / _totalSupply);
    }

    function earned(address account) public view returns (uint256) {
        return (_balances[account] * (rewardPerToken() - userRewardPerTokenPaid[account])) / 1e18 + rewards[account];
    }
```
3. This issue is exacerbated if no users are staking during the reward period, leading to a situation where rewards accumulate in the contract without a mechanism for distribution. For instance, if the next staker, Alice, `stake()` only after `rewardsDuration` is elapsed, i.e. right after `periodFinish`, the rewards will have nothing to do with her because her `_balances[account] == 0` renders `earned()` to return `0` too. 

## Impact
The impact of this issue is potentially high in a scenario where large amounts of rewards could possibly remain unclaimed and get stuck in the contract. However, the likelihood of occurrence can be considered medium to low, as it relies on specific user behaviors (exiting immediately after reward notification) and the absence of active stakers during the entire or part of the reward period.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-12-truflation/blob/main/truflation-contracts/src/staking/VirtualStakingRewards.sol#L144-L165
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-12-truflation/blob/main/truflation-contracts/src/staking/VirtualStakingRewards.sol#L95-L97

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
To mitigate this vulnerability, consider implementing a mechanism to redistribute unclaimed rewards, either in the next reward cycle or through a manual process using an added/separate function controlled by the contract owner or another role.
