Suave Hazel Mouse

medium

# Potential Abuse in Vesting Lock Migration Due to Brickable _transfer Function

## Summary
This report addresses a potential vulnerability in the smart contract related to the `migrateVestingLock` function. The concern is not with the functionality of the `_transfer` function itself, which is intentionally disabled,

```solidity
    function _transfer(address, address, uint256) internal override {
        revert TransferDisabled();
    }
```
but rather with the possibility of users exploiting the vesting lock migration process under the pretense of a lost private key.

## Vulnerability Detail
The `migrateVestingLock` function is designed to allow migration of vesting locks from one user to another. This function could be susceptible to exploitation if users falsely claim that they have lost access to their private keys. In such cases, they might attempt to burn points associated with one account and mint new points for a different account, potentially leading to an unfair advantage or manipulation of the system by dodging the non-transferable method.

```solidity
        uint256 points = oldLockup.points;
        stakingRewards.withdraw(oldUser, points);
        _burn(oldUser, points);

        newLockupId = lockups[newUser].length;
        lockups[newUser].push(oldLockup);
        _mint(newUser, points);
        stakingRewards.stake(newUser, points);
```
## Impact
If exploited, this vulnerability could lead to the manipulation of vesting schedules and staking rewards. This can undermine the integrity of the tokenomics and vesting mechanism, leading to potential trust issues among honest users and stakeholders in the system.

Note: The users would not be bothered with the unclaimable rewards I have reported in a separate issue since he/she still has access the old account to retrieve the rewards when calling [`claimReward()`](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-12-truflation/blob/main/truflation-contracts/src/token/VotingEscrowTruf.sol#L254-L259).

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-12-truflation/blob/main/truflation-contracts/src/token/VotingEscrowTruf.sol#L81-L83
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-12-truflation/blob/main/truflation-contracts/src/token/VotingEscrowTruf.sol#L217-L252

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
1. Implement additional checks and balances within the `migrateVestingLock` function to verify the legitimacy of claims regarding lost private keys. This could include a multi-step verification process or a waiting period before migration is approved.
2. Consider introducing a limit to the number of times a user can perform a migration or placing other restrictions that make it difficult to exploit the system repeatedly.
