Gigantic Clear Buffalo

medium

# Order of Operations in Token Transfer Function May Lead to Double Transfers

## Summary
The `transferAndCall` function in the `ERC677Token` contract may lead to double token transfers due to the incorrect order of operations. This issue arises when tokens are transferred to a contract address with additional data.
## Vulnerability Detail
The vulnerable code snippet is as follows:
```solidity
function transferAndCall(address _to, uint256 _value, bytes calldata _data) public returns (bool success) {
    super.transfer(_to, _value); // First transfer
    emit Transfer(msg.sender, _to, _value, _data);
    if (Address.isContract(_to)) {
        _contractFallback(_to, _value, _data);
    }
    return true;
}
```
In the above code, the `super.transfer(_to, _value)` statement is executed before checking if `_to` is a contract and invoking the `_contractFallback` function. If `_to` is indeed a contract, the parent ERC20 contract's transfer function is called, resulting in a token transfer. Subsequently, the `_contractFallback` function is called, potentially causing another token transfer if the recipient contract performs a similar action in its `onTokenTransfer` implementation.
[Ref:Code](https://github.com/code-423n4/2022-01-behodler/blob/ce1e7893bdbff8bd7b70474e902e990ac4aeafaf/contracts/ERC677/ERC677.sol#L28-L29)
## Impact
The impact of this vulnerability is the potential for double token transfers when using the `transferAndCall` function to send tokens to a contract address. This could lead to unexpected behavior and unintended token movements, compromising the expected functionality of the `ERC677Token` contract.
## Code Snippet
[Link](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-12-truflation/blob/main/truflation-contracts/src/token/ERC677Token.sol#L16-L23)
## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Removing the `super.transfer(_to, _value)` in the `transferAndCall` function would address the issue of potential double transfers. 
```solidity
function transferAndCall(address _to, uint256 _value, bytes calldata _data) public returns (bool success) {
    emit Transfer(msg.sender, _to, _value, _data);
    if (Address.isContract(_to)) {
        _contractFallback(_to, _value, _data);
    }
    return true;
}
```