Gigantic Clear Buffalo

medium

# Potential changes in the contract's balance during the execution of notifyRewardAmount causing transaction revert

## Summary
The `notifyRewardAmount` function in the provided Solidity contract lacks a comprehensive balance check, which may lead to unexpected behavior if the notified reward amount exceeds the available balance of the contract.
## Vulnerability Detail
In the `notifyRewardAmount` function, there is a check to ensure that the provided reward amount is not more than the balance in the contract. However, this check only considers the balance at the time of the function call and does not account for potential changes in the contract's balance during the execution of the function. This could result in a situation where the calculated reward rate exceeds the actual available balance, leading to a revert with the `InsufficientRewards` error. The vulnerable code snippet is as follows:

```solidity
uint256 balance = IERC20(rewardsToken).balanceOf(address(this));
if (rewardRate > balance / rewardsDuration) {
    revert InsufficientRewards();
}
```
## Impact
If the contract's balance changes significantly between the balance check and the actual reward distribution, there is a risk of reverting transactions with the `InsufficientRewards` error. This could potentially disrupt the intended operation of the rewards distribution mechanism.
## Code Snippet
[Link](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-12-truflation/blob/37ddbb69e0c7fb6510f1ec99162fd9172ec44733/truflation-contracts/src/staking/VirtualStakingRewards.sol#L144-L165)
## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Consider updating the balance check to reflect the potential changes in the contract's balance during the execution of the function. One approach is to perform the balance check immediately before the reward distribution to ensure real-time accuracy.