Curly Boysenberry Cottonmouth

medium

# In certain cases, users might be unable to withdraw rewards from the `VirtualStakingRewards` contract.

## Summary
The current implementation of the `notifyRewardAmount` function requires that users withdraw all their rewards in time, which in most times is not the case.
## Vulnerability Detail

The current implemetation checks if the `rewardsToken`'s balance is greater than or equal to future rewards.
```solidity
        uint256 balance = IERC20(rewardsToken).balanceOf(address(this));
        if (rewardRate > balance / rewardsDuration) {
            revert InsufficientRewards();
        }

```
Considering that, under normal circumstances, users can't all withdraw their rewards in time, the `rewardsToken` balance might contain rewards not yet withdrawn by the users (user hasn't withdrawn his rewards yet). This means that, when the `rewardsDistribution` notifies reward amount with a larger amount and the user's who are yet to claim will be unable to claim. 
For instance: 
If the `rewardsDuration` = 7 days;
 - User stakes 100,000 stakingToken;
 - `rewardsDistribution` sends 1000 `rewardsToken` and calls `notifyRewardAmount` with reward = 1000;
 - 7 days later, User calls `earned`() and it returns 1000 `rewardsToken`, but for some reason, User doesn't claim by calling `getReward`;
 - `rewardsDistribution` calls `notifyRewardAmount` with rewards = 2000 without send any fund to contract, the transaction will succeeds;
 - 7 days later, user calls `earned` and is entitled to 3000 `rewardsToken`, but the  when the user tries to call `getReward`, the transaction will fail due to insufficient balance of `rewardsToken`.

 The tx in step 5 should revert.
## Impact
Users who are yet to claim before rewards are notified might not be able to claim again.
## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-12-truflation/blob/37ddbb69e0c7fb6510f1ec99162fd9172ec44733/truflation-contracts/src/staking/VirtualStakingRewards.sol#L157C1-L160C10
## Tool used
Manual Code Review

## Recommendation
Consider introducing an extra function to send more rewards tokens to the contract, or refactoring the `notifyRewardAmount` function to allow the `RewardsDistribution` to send more tokens into the contract if need be.