Puny Leather Lizard

medium

# Inadequate reward balance checks in `notifyRewardAmount()` can make some users unable to withdraw their rewards

## Summary

It is inadequate for the `notifyRewardAmount()` function in `VirtualStakingsRewards.sol` to only check the balanceOf rewardsToken is greater than or equal to the future rewards.

## Vulnerability Detail
```solidity
    uint256 balance = IERC20(rewardsToken).balanceOf(address(this));
    if (rewardRate > balance / rewardsDuration) {
        revert InsufficientRewards();
    }
```  
In the current implementation, the contract only checks if balanceOf `rewardsToken` is greater than or equal to the future rewards.

However, under normal circumstances, since users can not withdraw all their rewards in time, the balance in the contract contains rewards that belong to the users but have not been withdrawn yet. This means the current checks can not be sufficient enough to make sure the contract has enough amount of rewardsToken.

As a result, if the `rewardsDistribution` mistakenly `notifyRewardAmount` with a larger amount, the contract may end up in a wrong state that makes some users unable to claim their rewards.      

## Impact

As mentioned above, some users may not be able to claim their rewards.

## Proof of Concept
Given:

* rewardsDuration = 7 days;
1. Alice stakes `1,000` stakingToken;
2. `rewardsDistribution` sends `100` rewardsToken to the contract;
3. `rewardsDistribution` calls `notifyRewardAmount()` with `amount` = `100`;
4. 7 days later, Alice calls `earned()` and it returns `100` rewardsToken, but Alice choose not to `getReward()` for now;
5. `rewardsDistribution` calls `notifyRewardAmount()` with `amount` = `100` without send any fund to contract, the tx will succees;
6. 7 days later, Alice calls `earned()` `200` rewardsToken, when Alice tries to call `getReward()`, the transaction will fail due to insufficient balance of rewardsToken.

Expected Results:

The tx in step 5 should revert.


## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-12-truflation/blob/main/truflation-contracts/src/staking/VirtualStakingRewards.sol#L157-L160

```solidity
157:    uint256 balance = IERC20(rewardsToken).balanceOf(address(this));
158:    if (rewardRate > balance / rewardsDuration) {
159:        revert InsufficientRewards();
160:    }
```

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Consider changing the function `notifyRewardAmount` to `addReward` and use `transferFrom` to transfer rewardsToken into the contract:

```solidity
function addReward(uint256 reward)
    external
    updateReward(address(0))
{
    require(
        msg.sender == rewardsDistribution,
        "Caller is not RewardsDistribution contract"
    );

    if (block.timestamp >= periodFinish) {
        rewardRate = reward / rewardsDuration;
    } else {
        uint256 remaining = periodFinish - block.timestamp;
        uint256 leftover = remaining * rewardRate;
        rewardRate = (reward + leftover) / rewardsDuration;
    }

    rewardsToken.safeTransferFrom(msg.sender, address(this), reward);

    lastUpdateTime = block.timestamp;
    periodFinish = block.timestamp + rewardsDuration;
    emit RewardAdded(reward);
}
```

