Real Coffee Unicorn

medium

# User can gain points for the duration their tokens were unlocked

## Summary
A user can gain points for the duration their points were unlocked (after the lock expires) by extending the expired lock.

## Vulnerability Detail
In `VotingEscrowTruf`, a user can extend the duration of a lock, even when the lock has expired (similar to the Origin Staking contract it was modified from). 
The duration used to calculate the new amount of points allocated is the sum of the previous duration and the `duration` parameter.
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-12-truflation/blob/37ddbb69e0c7fb6510f1ec99162fd9172ec44733/truflation-contracts/src/token/VotingEscrowTruf.sol#L343-L345
```solidity
        uint256 newDuration = lockup.duration + duration;

        (uint256 newPoints,) = previewPoints(amount, newDuration);
```
The new end time of the lock is calculated by adding to the previous end time.
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-12-truflation/blob/37ddbb69e0c7fb6510f1ec99162fd9172ec44733/truflation-contracts/src/token/VotingEscrowTruf.sol#L351-L355
```solidity
        uint256 newEnd = oldEnd + duration;
        ...
        lockup.end = uint128(newEnd);
```
This means the new end time is still relative to the original start time. The issue with this is if the lock is extended after it has expired, the user will still receive points for the duration in between expiry and extension where their tokens were unlocked and able to be unstaked. 

For example, the user could create a lock with duration `minStakeDuration`. After `minStakeDuration` time, their tokens are able to be unstaked, but they currently have no other use for them so they leave the tokens staked (they still accrue rewards in `VirtualStakingRewards`). After some time, they want to gain more points to participate in governance (e.g. for a specific proposal) so they extend their lock accordingly. They gain the full amount of extra points including the time where their tokens were unlocked. They choose their duration such that their tokens are immediately unlocked again, effectively nullifying the lock.

## Impact
The guaranteed investment for a specific duration intended by locking is undermined and users can receive more points than they should be allowed.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-12-truflation/blob/37ddbb69e0c7fb6510f1ec99162fd9172ec44733/truflation-contracts/src/token/VotingEscrowTruf.sol#L343-L345
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-12-truflation/blob/37ddbb69e0c7fb6510f1ec99162fd9172ec44733/truflation-contracts/src/token/VotingEscrowTruf.sol#L351-L355

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Use the end time returned by `previewPoints` which calculates from the current time instead of the original start time.