Noisy Mercurial Hornet

high

# function _extendLock() allows extending the expired lockups

## Summary
users locks their tokens in the VotingEscrowTruf contract to receive rewards and voting power and they can extend lock duration by calling `extendLock()`. the issue is that `extendLock()` doesn't check that the locked tokens isn't expired and users can extend their lockedup tokens even after end time. this would allow users to receive points and voting power while avoiding the risk of lockups.

## Vulnerability Detail
This is `_extendLock()` code:
```javascript
   function _extendLock(address user, uint256 lockupId, uint256 duration, bool isVesting) internal {
        // duration checked inside previewPoints
        Lockup memory lockup = lockups[user][lockupId];
        if (lockup.isVesting != isVesting) {
            revert NoAccess();
        }
        uint256 amount = lockup.amount;
        uint256 oldEnd = lockup.end;
        uint256 oldPoints = lockup.points;
        uint256 newDuration = lockup.duration + duration;
.......
........
```
as you can see code doesn't check to make sure `lockup.end > block.timestamp` and even if a lockup is expired users can call `extendLock()` and extend their lockup and receive tokens.

attacker can use this issue to receive points for for long lockup duration while avoiding locking tokens in that duration.
1. attacker will lock tokens for 1 day.
2. after 31 day passed and lockedup tokens were expired for 30 days.
3. attacker can call `extendLock()` and extend his lockup for 50 days and receive point based on 51day lockup.
4. code would set lockup end time as `oldEnd + 50 = 30 days ago + 50 = 20 days into the future` (code would extend a lockup that is expired for 30 days to be extended 50 days)
5. in reality attacker didn't lockup his tokens in that 30 days and the lock was expired and attacker could have call `unstake()` receive his token anytime but code allows attacker to extend the expired lock.
6. so in the end attacker lock expire would be in 20 days and code would set points based on 51day lockup. while in reality attacker locked his tokens for 1day, and 20 days.

## Impact
attacker can extend his lookup after they are expired. so attacker can avoid lookup risks(doesn't extend lockups for some time) while receiving the points for high duration lockups in the future(extend expired lockups)

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-12-truflation/blob/37ddbb69e0c7fb6510f1ec99162fd9172ec44733/truflation-contracts/src/token/VotingEscrowTruf.sol#L333-L352

## Tool used
Manual Review

## Recommendation
in `_extendLock()` function check that `lockup.end > block.timestamp` and don't allow extending already expired locks.