Puny Macaroon Skunk

high

# Using `delegatecall` in loop

## Summary
This report details a high-severity vulnerability found in the `TrufVesting` contract, specifically in the implementation of `delegatecall` within a loop. This pattern poses potential risks for manipulation of the system's logic under certain conditions.

## Vulnerability Detail
The vulnerability is located in the `multicall` function of the `TrufVesting` contract. It involves the use of `delegatecall` in a loop, which retains the `msg.value` for each iteration. This can lead to unintended consequences if `msg.value` is used significantly in future versions or refactors of the core protocol.

- **Severity**: High
- **Difficulty**: High
- **Type**: Data Validation
- **ID**: Custom-001
- **Location**: `TrufVesting.sol` - [Line: 540](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-12-truflation/blob/main/truflation-contracts/src/token/TrufVesting.sol#L540)

## Impact
The misuse of `delegatecall` in a loop can lead to unpredictable and potentially harmful behavior in the contract's logic. If the protocol starts to use `msg.value` more meaningfully, it could be exploited to alter the arithmetic operations within the system, leading to potential security breaches.

## Code Snippet
```solidity
function multicall(bytes[] calldata payloads) external {
        uint256 len = payloads.length;
        for (uint256 i; i < len;) {
            (bool success, bytes memory result) = address(this).delegatecall(payloads[i]);
            if (!success) {
                if (result.length < 68) revert();
                assembly {
                    result := add(result, 0x04)
                }
                revert(abi.decode(result, (string)));
            }

            unchecked {
                i += 1;
            }
        }
    }
```

## Tool used
Manual Review

## Recommendation
To mitigate the risk associated with this vulnerability:
- **Thorough Review and Testing**: Ensure all functions callable via `delegatecall` are rigorously reviewed and tested, particularly those that significantly alter the contract's state.
- **Functionality Limitation**: Consider restricting functionalities accessible via `multicall` to minimize the attack surface.
- **Implementing Security Standards**: Adopt additional security measures, such as integrity checks and access controls, to prevent potential exploitation.

