Chilly Brown Hamster

medium

# Users staking small amounts of token won't get staking rewards

## Summary

User staking small amounts of token might won't get staking rewards.

## Vulnerability Detail

Staking rewards are based on `points` calculated in `VotingEscrowTruf::previewPoints` function. If `amount` of tokens multiplied by `duration` time of staking will be less than `MAX_DURATION`, `points` will be equal zero. It means, that the user won't receive any rewards from staking. What is more, users staking for short period of time (30 days), will get the same amount of tokens no matter if they stake 3 or 6 tokens. It might be problematic if price of the token will be high and some users want to stake only a few tokens, and it's getting worse with deacreasing time of stake.

```javascript
function previewPoints(uint256 amount, uint256 duration) public view returns (uint256 points, uint256 end) {
        if (duration < minStakeDuration) {
            revert TooShort();
        }
        if (duration > MAX_DURATION) {
            revert TooLong();
        }

@>      points = amount * duration / MAX_DURATION;
        end = block.timestamp + duration;
    }
```

## Impact

Users staking small amounts of tokens or for short period of time won't receive staking rewards or rewards will be smaller than it should be.

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-12-truflation/blob/main/truflation-contracts/src/token/VotingEscrowTruf.sol#L278

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

1. Calculate points with higher precision. Create constant variable `uint64 constant PRECISION = 1e18`, `points = amount * duration * PRECISION / MAX_DURATION`. Don't forget to follow up with this precision in rewards calculation.
2. You can implement `if` statement as below to not allow stake small amounts of tokens but it isn't the best solution. If price of token highly increase some users won't be able to stake.

```diff
function previewPoints(uint256 amount, uint256 duration) public view returns (uint256 points, uint256 end) {
        if (duration < minStakeDuration) {
            revert TooShort();
        }
        if (duration > MAX_DURATION) {
            revert TooLong();
        }
+       if (amount + duration > MAX_DURATION) {
+           revert;
+       }

        points = amount * duration / MAX_DURATION;
        end = block.timestamp + duration;
    }
```
