Big Tangerine Pike

medium

# ERC677Token is not compliant to EIP677

## Summary

The `TruflationToken` contract, inheriting from `ERC677Token`, fails to comply with the ERC677 standard due to its incorrect implementation of the `transferAndCall()` function. The function diverges from the standard by not enforcing a callback when the recipient (`_to` address) is not a contract, which is contrary to the specifications of ERC677.
## Vulnerability Detail

`TruflationToken` aims to adhere to the ERC677 interface for enhanced interoperability. However, its implementation of the key `transferAndCall()` function deviates from the standard:

```solidity
function transferAndCall(address _to, uint256 _value, bytes calldata _data) public returns (bool success) {
	super.transfer(_to, _value);
	emit Transfer(msg.sender, _to, _value, _data);
	if (Address.isContract(_to)) {
		_contractFallback(_to, _value, _data);
	}
	return true;
}
```

This implementation conditionally skips the callback based on whether the `_to` address is a contract. The ERC677 standard, as per its [official description](https://github.com/ethereum/EIPs/issues/677), states that " Once the transfer has succeeded and the event is logged, the token calls `onTokenTransfer(address,uint256,bytes)` on the `receiver` with the sender, the amount approved, and additional bytes data as parameters." The expected behavior in the standard is a revert if `transferAndCall()` is executed with an Externally Owned Account (EOA), which will happen due to a higher level call to an EOA, whereas `TruflationToken` completes the transfer without enforcing this callback.

## Impact

Failing to adhere to the ERC677 standard, the `TruflationToken` may face interoperability issues with other protocols that rely on the standard `transferAndCall()` functionality and expect behavior in line with the ERC677 specification. This deviation could lead to unexpected behavior in token transfers and integrations with other smart contracts or decentralized applications.

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-12-truflation/blob/main/truflation-contracts/src/token/ERC677Token.sol#L19-L21

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

To align with the ERC677 standard, the `_isContract()` check should be removed from the `transferAndCall()` function. This change ensures that the callback is executed for all transfers, maintaining consistency with the standard and improving interoperability with other protocols expecting standard-compliant behavior.
