Big Tangerine Pike

medium

# Vote-Delegation to 0 can be overwritten by others

## Summary

The `VotingEscrowTruf` contract, which implements `ERC20Votes`, contains a vulnerability in its vote delegation feature. This flaw allows a malicious actor to re-delegate votes that were intentionally delegated to `address(0)`.

## Vulnerability Detail

The `VotingEscrowTruf` contract implements the `ERC20Votes` contract, which allows for the delegation of voting power. This contract allows users to delegate their voting power to any address, to allow that address to vote on their behalf. User can also delegate their voting power to `address(0)`, for example to symbolize absence from voting.

The issue in the current implementation is that it allows a malicious user to re delegate the votes, another user has delegated to `address(0)`. This is due to the following [lines](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-12-truflation/blob/main/truflation-contracts/src/token/VotingEscrowTruf.sol#L169-L172) in the `_stake()` function.

```solidity
if (delegates(to) == address(0)) {
	// Delegate voting power to the receiver, if unregistered
	_delegate(to, to);
}
```

This line is also executed if someone stakes on behalf of another user, using the `stake(uint256 amount, uint256 duration, address to)` [function](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-12-truflation/blob/main/truflation-contracts/src/token/VotingEscrowTruf.sol#L96C14-L98). So a malicious actor could stake 1 wei on behalf of a user to force delegate the users voting power back to the user.

## Impact

This issue allows a malicious actor to forcefully change another users vote delegation. This can lead to issues in the voting process. An example could be:

1. Alice delegates her votes to Bob.
2. Bob, preferring to vote only with Alice's votes, delegates his voting power to `address(0)`.
3. Bob submits a transaction to vote on a proposal.
4. Charlie, noticing Bob's transaction, front runs it by staking 1 wei on Bob's behalf.
5. This action re-delegates Bob's votes to himself.
6. As a result, Bob's vote now includes both his and Alice's votes, contrary to his intention.

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-12-truflation/blob/main/truflation-contracts/src/token/VotingEscrowTruf.sol#L169-L172

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

To prevent this exploit, an additional condition should be added in the `_stake` function to ensure the re-delegation only occurs when the user stakes on their own behalf:

```solidity
if (delegates(to) == address(0) && to == msg.sender) {
	// Delegate voting power to the receiver, if unregistered
	_delegate(to, to);
}
```