Noisy Tin Badger

medium

# Block Timestamp Manipulation in claimable Function

## Summary
See vulnerability details all is there 
## Vulnerability Detail
The claimable function calculates the vested amount based on the elapsed time and it uses the (block.timestamp), which can be manipulated by miners and this  manipulation can lead to an incorrect calculation of timeElapsed, resulting in a higher vested amount.
Here is example in  details :
- let’s say we have this Vesting Parameters:
initialReleasePct: 20% (2000 out of 10000).
totalAmount: 1000 TRUF Tokens.
initialReleasePeriod: 0 Days Immediate release.
cliff: 30 Days.
period: 180 Days .
unit: 30 Days this is Monthly claims.
- And the Current State  Let's assume  60 days have passed since the start of vesting.
- now let’s Assume miners manipulate timestamp to add an extra day 31 days in a month.
- and If the timestamp is manipulated at the end of each month, timeElapsed could be calculated as 62 days instead of the actual 60.
- then the New Vested Amount:
vestedAmount: (800 TRUF * 62 Days / 180 Days) + 200 TRUF ≈ 604.44 TRUF.
- so Difference Due to Manipulation is Approximately 4.44 TRUF more than expected.
## Impact
the miners can manipulate timestamp  at the end of each month, timeElapsed could be calculated as 62 days instead of the actual 60. And this causing a higher vestedAmount than intended and lead to unexpected behavior.
## Code Snippet
-https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-12-truflation/blob/37ddbb69e0c7fb6510f1ec99162fd9172ec44733/truflation-contracts/src/token/TrufVesting.sol#L184C8-L187C1
## Tool used
Manual Review
## Recommendation
- need a safeguards against large-scale timestamp manipulation 