Puny Macaroon Skunk

high

# reentrancy vulnerability


## Summary
This report outlines a critical reentrancy vulnerability discovered in the `StakingRewards.exit()` function of the `StakingRewards` contract. This vulnerability could potentially be exploited by an attacker to re-enter the contract's functions in a malicious manner.

## Vulnerability Detail
The vulnerability is found in the `StakingRewards.exit()` function, where external calls to `withdraw(_balances[msg.sender])` and `getReward()` are made. These calls can potentially lead to reentrancy attacks.

- **Type**: Reentrancy
- **Location**: `StakingRewards.sol` - [Lines: 108-111](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-12-truflation/blob/main/truflation-contracts/src/staking/StakingRewards.sol#L108-L111)
- **External Calls**:
  - `withdraw(_balances[msg.sender])`
  - `getReward()`
- **State Variables Written After Calls**:
  - `ReentrancyGuard._status`
  - `StakingRewards.lastUpdateTime`
  - `StakingRewards.rewardPerTokenStored`
  - `StakingRewards.rewards`
  - `StakingRewards.userRewardPerTokenPaid`


## Impact
An attacker could exploit this vulnerability to perform multiple withdrawals or reward claims in a single transaction. This could lead to unintended token transfers, draining the contract's funds, or other malicious outcomes.

## Proof of Concept
1. **Initial Setup**: An attacker stakes tokens in the `StakingRewards` contract.
2. **Reentrancy Attack**: The attacker invokes `StakingRewards.exit()`.
   - In the first call to `withdraw()`, the control is transferred to an attacker-controlled contract.
   - The attacker's contract then calls back into `StakingRewards.getReward()`.
   - This leads to unexpected state changes or duplicate withdrawals/rewards.
3. **Result**: The attacker is able to withdraw more than their due share or claim rewards multiple times.

## Code Snippet
```solidity
function exit() external {
    withdraw(_balances[msg.sender]);
    getReward();
}
```

## Tool used
Manual Review based on Slither's Reentrancy Vulnerability Detection

## Recommendation
To mitigate this vulnerability:
- **Use of Reentrancy Guards**: Implement a stronger reentrancy guard mechanism, such as OpenZeppelin's `ReentrancyGuard`, to prevent re-entry into critical functions.
- **Restructuring Contract Logic**: Modify the contract logic to ensure state changes happen before external calls.
- **Monitoring and Analysis**: Continuously monitor the contract for unusual activity and perform regular security analysis to identify new vulnerabilities.


