Fantastic Canvas Platypus

medium

# VirtualStakingRewards - potential early rewards could get locked up

## Summary
The staking rewards contract possesses a forked issue, where initial staking rewards can get locked up.

## Vulnerability Detail
Rewards in the staking contract are calculated by forking synthetix. The contract possesses a known issue where are when the ``rewardsDistribution`` calls the ``notifyRewardAmoun``. This function calculates the reward rate per second and also records the start of the reward period. This has an edge case where rewards are not counted for the initial period of time until there is at least one participant.
You can read up here:
https://0xmacro.com/blog/synthetix-staking-rewards-issue-inefficient-reward-distribution/
https://github.com/code-423n4/2022-09-y2k-finance-findings/issues/93

The issue in summary that whatever rate, rewards and distribution you set, if you initiate the process at time X, then when the first user stakes at Y and begins the accumulation process, the process would be from Y forward. Meaning that the rewards for the period Y - X would be left stuck in the contract. A bad mitigation we've discussed is that these stuck rewards would still be available for distribution the next time ``notifyRewardAmount()`` is invoked, but this does not guarantee anything. The rewards from Y - X would still be lost, no matter how many periods pass since the issue is in the time when the first staker stakes.

## Impact
Locked up reward funds in the contract

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-12-truflation/blob/main/truflation-contracts/src/staking/VirtualStakingRewards.sol#L144-L165

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
The only good recommendation I found and could give was the method used here:
https://github.com/PeggyJV/cellar-contracts/blob/afd970c36e9a520326afc888a11d40cdde75c6a7/src/CellarStaking.sol#L219
They introduce a function that checks when the first deposit occurs and then initiates the reward distribution process instead of doing it manually in ``notifyRewardAmount()``
