Rural Honeysuckle Parrot

medium

# A malicious user can frontrun `cancelVesting()` to claim forbidden Truf Tokens

## Summary
`cancelVesting()` can be frontrunned by a malicious user to get forbidden Truf Tokens 

## Vulnerability Detail
The [`cancelvesting()`](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-12-truflation/blob/37ddbb69e0c7fb6510f1ec99162fd9172ec44733/truflation-contracts/src/token/TrufVesting.sol#L348) function is in place for two main reasons, `1.` to use it as helper function (For eg. protocol adds vesting for team member, but he leave team, then the protocol cancels his vesting) & `2.` to use it as a punish function, to punish a malicious user by not giving him claimable amount (For eg. protocol sets vesting amount for team member, but then notice that his KYC is fake). That's why `cancelVesting` have a boolean parameter [`giveUnclaimed`](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-12-truflation/blob/37ddbb69e0c7fb6510f1ec99162fd9172ec44733/truflation-contracts/src/token/TrufVesting.sol#L373). Owner inputs it as `true` or `false` depending on the situation but here we will only focus on the `false` condition, where it will be used to punish the malicious user.

Malicious users who have intentionally committed some offenses (after his stake is at maturity) that would lead to getting his vesting cancelled can listen to the Mempool and Frontrun the `cancelVesting()` function call by the protocol to `unstake()` & `claim()` forbidden Truf Tokens.

### Proof-of-Concept
- Malicious user does some malicious activity (after stakes maturity)
- Protocol recognizes that and calls `cancelVesting()` with `giveUnclaimed = false`
- Malicious user who was listening to the mempool sees the cancelVesting() TRX
- Malicious user calls `unstake()` & `claim()` (atomically with a contract) with a higher gas fee to Frontrun protocol's owner TRX
- Malicious user's TRX gets successfully mined before protocol's TRX and user gets forbidden Truf Tokens

As there is no protection in place, every malicious user can bypass cancelVesting(false) punishment.

## Impact
- `cancelVesting()` can be bypassed by a malicious user.
 
## Code Snippet

## Tool used
[Shaheen Vision](https://twitter.com/0x_Shaheen/status/1722664258142650806) 🦅

## Recommendation
1. Use a [delay mechanism](https://github.com/telcoin/telcoin-staking/pull/21/files) for the `unstake()` and `claim()` function
2. Use private mempools in place to submit cancelVesting() privately

The former is recommended more as private mempools are not really "private".

### Additional Info
The examples I gave above, for the helper and punish functionalities, both were given to mke by the protocol's Dev in a private discord chat. Thanks!
