Keen Amethyst Moth

high

# Reward calculations are duplicated

## Summary

The protocol uses `_balances[account] * rewardPerToken` to calculate user rewards. If the user has not claimed rewards in the previous time periods, funds deposited later will result in duplicated reward calculations.

## Vulnerability Detail
The protocol calls `notifyRewardAmount()` every 7 days to distribute rewards to users. When invoking this function, the protocol first calls the `updateReward(address(0))` modifier to update the protocol's `rewardPerTokenStored`. 
```solidity

    modifier updateReward(address account) {
        rewardPerTokenStored = rewardPerToken();
        lastUpdateTime = lastTimeRewardApplicable();
        if (account != address(0)) {
            rewards[account] = earned(account);
            userRewardPerTokenPaid[account] = rewardPerTokenStored;
        }
        _;
    }

```

The calculation method for user rewards is as follows: 
```solidity
_balances[account] * (rewardPerToken() - userRewardPerTokenPaid[account])) / 1e18 + rewards[account]

    function rewardPerToken() public view returns (uint256) {
        if (_totalSupply == 0) {
            return rewardPerTokenStored;
        }
        return
            rewardPerTokenStored + (((lastTimeRewardApplicable() - lastUpdateTime) * rewardRate * 1e18) / _totalSupply);
    }

    function lastTimeRewardApplicable() public view returns (uint256) {
        return block.timestamp < periodFinish ? block.timestamp : periodFinish;
    }
```

Let's compare the scenario where users claim rewards in each 7-day period versus claiming rewards after the second time period.

Assuming that in the first 7-day period, the protocol calls `notifyRewardAmount()` with a reward of 100 * 1e18, and a user deposits 100 * 1e18. At the end of the first period, the `totalSupply` is 10000 * 1e18, so `rewardPerTokenStored `is calculated as
 `100 * 1e18 * 1e18 / (10000 * 1e18) = 1*1e16`. At this point, if the user calls `getReward()`, the obtained reward is `100 * 1e18 * (1e16-0) / 1e18 + 0 = 1e18`

In the second 7-day period, the user deposits an additional 100 * 1e18 tokens into the protocol. Now the `_balances[account]` is 200*1e18 ,and the protocol calls `notifyRewardAmount()` at this time, distributing 400 * 1e18 to the user. Assuming the totalSupply becomes 20000 * 1e18 at the end of this period, `rewardPerTokenStored` is calculated as 400 * 1e18 * 1e18 / (20000 * 1e18) + 1e16 = 3*1e16. Now, if the user calls `getReward()`, the obtained reward is `200 * 1e18 * (3*1e16 - 1*1e16) / 1e18 + 0 = 4*1e18`. In total, the user receives 5*1e18 tokens from these two periods.

Now, let's assume the user does not claim rewards in the first period but claims them after the second period. According to the previous calculations, at the end of the second period, rewardPerTokenStored is 3*1e16. In this case, if the user calls `getReward()`, the obtained reward is 200 * 1e18 * (3*1e16 - 0) / 1e18 + 0 = 6*1e18. This is 1*1e18 more token than claiming rewards separately in each period. This discrepancy is caused by the fact that the additional deposit of 100 * 1e18 is calculated for rewards in the first period as well.

## Impact
The user will receive more rewards than initially anticipated.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-12-truflation/blob/main/truflation-contracts/src/staking/VirtualStakingRewards.sol#L96

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Calculate user rewards separately for each time period.