Fantastic Canvas Platypus

medium

# VirtualStakingRewards.sol - richer actors can greatly manipulate reward distribution

## Summary
The VirtualStakingRewards contract is a Synthetix fork, managing and distributing reward to stakers based on how much rewards there are, the distribution period, total supply and the user's own balance in the contract. Due to the usage of the total supply and the way the stake amounts are calculated in the other contract, whales or dedicated parties could intentionally grief other people, greatly lowering their rewards.

## Vulnerability Detail
Whenever somebody stakes and the modifier ``updateReward()`` is invoked a few things happen:
1. The current reward per token is calculated
2. The new timestamp is saved
3. The user's earned reward is calculated and updated in the rewards mapping accordingly
 
The crucial point here is the first one where in ``rewardPerToken()`` to calculate the reward we use the difference between the last update and the current timestamp multiplied by the reward rate (set in ``notifyRewards``, it plays a role in the explanation) and divided by the **total supply**.

Taking into account that some users might not stake on the first day or might decide to opt out before the entire reward period and that deposits can happen only through the VotingEscrowTruf contract and they depend on their duration as a % of the max duration (3 years, meaning that most deposits would probably be less than 50% of the initially sent tokens as a regular user realistically would not lock for more than a year and a half), there are a few scenarios that can incur if on the very first day a large actor or 3rd party decide to dump a huge stake and inflate the total supply. 
Conditions: initial notify rewards of 10_000 TRUF and on day 1 we have Alice deposit 10_000_000 TRUF for the max 3 years intentionally, thus the points she stakes are 10_000_000 too.

*Scenario 1*
Bob stakes 500 points (half of 1000 because of the VotingEscrowTruf) on the same day as Alice, day 1. 
With the inflation that Alice has caused all on her own, if Bob is the only other staker, at the end of the 7 days period he would have generated less than 1 TRUF (~499975001249937000 = 0.5 TRUF). That is if he leaves at the end. In case Bob decides to exit at half, 3 days in, he would generate half of the previous value.
Written POC:
```solidity
function testWhaleDepositor() external {
        uint256 rewardAmount = 10_000e18;
        _notifyReward(rewardAmount);

        uint256 aliceAmount = 10_000_000e18;
        uint256 bobAmount = 500e18;
        _stake(alice, aliceAmount);
        _stake(bob, bobAmount);
        console.log("Earned after 1st deposit Alice: ", trufStakingRewards.earned(alice));
        console.log("Earned after 1st deposit Bob: ", trufStakingRewards.earned(bob));

        vm.warp(block.timestamp + 1 days);
        console.log("Earned after 2nd deposit Alice: ", trufStakingRewards.earned(alice));
        console.log("Earned after 2nd deposit Bob: ", trufStakingRewards.earned(bob));

        vm.warp(block.timestamp + 7 days);
        console.log("Earned after 3rd deposit Alice: ", trufStakingRewards.earned(alice));
        console.log("Earned after 3rd deposit Bob: ", trufStakingRewards.earned(bob));
    }
```

*Scenario 2*
Bob stakes 500 points 1 day after Alice. (we will go only 1 day after the start, any later would be worse for Bob):
With the inflation that Alice has caused all on her own, if Bob is the only other staker, at the end of the 7 days period he would have generated less than 1 TRUF (~428550001071374500= 0.4 TRUF). That is if he leaves at the end. In case Bob decides to exit at half, 4 days in, he would generate half of the previous value.
Written POC:
```solidity
function testWhaleDepositor() external {
        uint256 rewardAmount = 10_000e18;
        _notifyReward(rewardAmount);

        uint256 aliceAmount = 10_000_000e18;
        uint256 bobAmount = 500e18;
        _stake(alice, aliceAmount);
        console.log("Earned after 1st deposit Alice: ", trufStakingRewards.earned(alice));
        console.log("Earned after 1st deposit Bob: ", trufStakingRewards.earned(bob));

        vm.warp(block.timestamp + 1 days);
        _stake(bob, bobAmount);
        console.log("Earned after 2nd deposit Alice: ", trufStakingRewards.earned(alice));
        console.log("Earned after 2nd deposit Bob: ", trufStakingRewards.earned(bob));

        vm.warp(block.timestamp + 7 days);
        console.log("Earned after 3rd deposit Alice: ", trufStakingRewards.earned(alice));
        console.log("Earned after 3rd deposit Bob: ", trufStakingRewards.earned(bob));
    }
```

Both scenarios have varying factors that are unknowns: 
1. TRUF price. If the token is more expensive it would be harder for a single party to do this, but a dedicated party could. 10_000_000 TRUF as per the above examples is only 1% of the total supply (The token contract mints **1 billion** instead of 100 mill like the comments suggest)
2. Bob the victim: the voting escrow where the points for staking are calculated plays a huge role, since even though Bob might not own that much less tokens, if he picks a short duration for his stake, his points might be even lower, earning him even less rewards against Alice who, for the sake of griefing, would set her duration to 3 years to stake 100% of her tokens
3. The ``notifyRewards()`` function is an unknown of how much and how often value would be sent. The test files specify 100 TRUF which is all too low. 10_000 compared to the initial TRUF supply seem low too, but if there would be occasional refillings of rewards, it seems most realistic. If it was 100_000 instead, bob would generate x10 more rewards, which would still not amount to even 5 TRUF.
4. There would be more than 2 stakers, so their stakes adding up ON TOP of Alice's supply would be in favor of her grief.
Due to some of these factors potentially easing up the problem (or making it worse), I classify this a MED.

## Impact
Lower rewards due to inflatable total supply

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-12-truflation/blob/main/truflation-contracts/src/staking/VirtualStakingRewards.sol#L87-L97
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-12-truflation/blob/main/truflation-contracts/src/token/VotingEscrowTruf.sol#L270-L280

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
There is no way to change the mechanism to prevent such inflation, but as stated at the end of the details, it can be greatly eased up in order to keep the incentive of staking:
1. Notify greater rewards.
2. Lower the max duration in the VotingEscrowTruf in order to calculate users more points to stake
3. Add a cap on the stake a user can have, as to prevent whales from impacting rewards that much (if(amount > maxStake) revert)